[Music]
at some point we all bought into this
lie that you've got to feel ready in
order to change we bought into this
complete falsehood that at some point
you're going to have the courage at some
point you're going to have the
confidence and it's total
frankly I don't rely to swear it out
okay it's complete garbage and so there
are so many people in the world and you
know you may be watching this right now
and you have these incredible ideas and
what you think is missing is motivation
and that's not true because the way that
our minds are wired and the fact about
human being is that we are not designed
to do things that are uncomfortable or
scary or difficult our brains are
designed to protect us from those things
because our brains are trying to keep us
alive and in order to change in order to
build a business in order to be the best
parents of a spouse to do all those
things that you know you want to do with
your life with your work is to dream
you're going to have to do things that
are difficult uncertain or scary which
sets up this problem for all of us
[Music]
you